After creating our keepers next time we're going to do is create a security group for our public.
Easy to instance so that people coming out of internet can access are easy to instance.
So to do that let's go back to our easy to class and implement a method for creating a security group.
So I'm going to say create security group.
And as I always do I'm going to leave my mother's signature to later on so that I can check out my actual
method signature from A W-S API with both of three.
So let's just try to return self underscore client and then create a security group and within that
security group method except from the dry run again we have to provide the group name description and
a VPC ID for the security group.
So the there are simply three things that we have to provide to this method group name description and
the VPC ID.
So let's just do that green group name is going to be simply group name and description as description.
And the last thing is we PC ID.
So let's just do that.
And let's also pass these arguments in to our method and for the description he Rico and the VPC ID.
All right.
So let's also print out that we're creating a security group
and with name actually to be much more clear about our intentions.
And also let's just indicate the VPC that are using this security group for VPC and PPC ID.
Here we go.
So only thing left is to use this method from our main class.
So let's go back to our main class and make use of this method.
So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to first comment out line for my security group creation
create a security group
and in this line what I'm going to do is I'm going to simply call my create security group method and
as you can see here and for group name I'm simply going to create a variable for my public security
group name and I can just keep it as security group.
So to be simple about my variable and my Both are three public security group as S-G.
So let's just fix that variable naming and make it public security group.
All right.
And also add the name to the end.
And here we go.
So if the past is and to our Methot public security group name and the other thing that we're going
to have to pass is the description.
So let's also have the public security group description and let's just say public security group
for public subnet internet access.
All right.
So the intention here is to create a security group that is going to be allowed to be accessed from
the internet.
Anyone can come if we allow them to.
So right now we're just going to create a security group but about the rules of that security group
we're going to do that in just a minute after that.
So let's just pass in the security group description and the last thing that we have to provide is the
VPC I.D. And here we go.
So this is simply everything that we need to create our security group and we have a just simple typo
there and let's just fix those.
Just a second or more.
And here we go.
All right.